.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii foo.1
.\"
.TH KABIKABOO 1 "JUNE 17 2009" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
kabikaboo \- recursive writing assistant
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B kabikaboo 
[FILE]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B kabikaboo
is a tree branching text organizer. It is meant to be used to help aid in the writing of novels or other large documents. A recursive viewing feature allows one to see any section of the tree.

You can see an overview of all the children or grandchildren of any given node in the tree, for reference. Each text node can have any arrangement of children, and the nodes can be moved around freely. A tabbed notebook allows users to keep track of the most recently opened nodes, easing movement within a large tree.

This tree-based note pad could be used for any purposes - not only for novels. It could be used to plan a technical manual, todo lists, anything that would benefit from tree-based text organization. Kabikaboo is not meant to actually write a document - you should use AbiWord/OpenOffice/LaTeX or some other editor for that purpose..

Free and open source, created with Python, PyGTK, Geany, Glade.
SH OPTIONS
No options available.
.SH FILES
.I ~/.kabikaboo/settings.txt
.RS
The user's saved settings file.  Includes last opened file, last directory, window size, viewing preferencs, and more.  It is autogenerated upon running.
.SH BUGS
If you find a bug, please run kabikaboo from command line, reproduce the bug, and report the output errors to:

https://bugs.launchpad.net/kabikaboo
.SH AUTHOR
Dave Kerr <aidave@shaw.ca>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR abiword (1)
